Mantel (the shelf above a fireplace, often confused with "mantle" which refers to a cloak or a layer of the earth)
The woman is placing candles on the mantel for decoration.
The family photos on the mantel are covered with dust.
The clock on the mantel is chiming, signaling the hour.
The children are hanging their stockings on the mantel for Christmas.

Pallet (a flat wooden structure used for carrying goods, often confused with "palette" used for mixing colors)
The workers are stacking boxes on the pallet.
The forklift is lifting a heavy pallet in the warehouse.
The pallet in the yard is being repurposed into a garden bed.
The company is shipping products on wooden pallets.

Bollard (a short post used to prevent traffic from entering an area, often unfamiliar to many learners)
The city is installing bollards to protect pedestrian zones.
The car is parking between two bollards on the street.
The bollards in front of the building are illuminated at night.
The ship is tying its ropes to a bollard at the dock.

Armoire (a wardrobe or movable cabinet, often with doors and shelves)
The antique armoire in the bedroom is filled with vintage clothes.
The craftsman is repairing the broken door of the armoire.
The armoire in the living room is displaying fine china.
She is rearranging her jewelry inside the armoire.

Sconce (a type of light fixture attached to a wall)
The electrician is installing a sconce in the hallway.
The sconces on the theater walls are dimming as the show starts.
The medieval sconce in the castle is holding a burning torch.
The designer is recommending a modern sconce for the bathroom.

Balustrade (a row of small columns topped by a rail)
The architect is designing a stone balustrade for the mansion's staircase.
Children are peering through the balustrade on the balcony.
The balustrade around the terrace provides safety and style.
The sculptor is carving intricate designs into the balustrade.

Trellis (an architectural structure, usually made from interwoven pieces of wood, bamboo, or metal)
The gardener is attaching climbing roses to the trellis.
The sunlight is casting patterns through the wooden trellis.
The couple is setting up a trellis for their garden vines.
Birds are perching on the trellis, chirping their morning songs.

Satchel (a bag, often with a strap)
The student is packing her books into her satchel.
The traveler is slinging his leather satchel over his shoulder.
The satchel on the bench contains an artist's sketching tools.
He is searching inside his satchel for his passport.

Pedestal (a base or support on which something stands)
The museum is placing the ancient vase on a pedestal.
The sculptor is chiseling details into the pedestal of his statue.
The pedestal in the center of the room holds a priceless gem.
The flowers on the pedestal are attracting visitors' attention.

Cobblestone (a naturally rounded stone larger than a pebble and smaller than a boulder; used to pave streets)
The workers are laying cobblestones on the historic street.
The horse carriage is moving slowly over the cobblestone pathway.
The cobblestones in the square are glistening after the rain.
Tourists are strolling along the cobblestone streets of the old city.