Whistle
The boy is whistling a cheerful tune.
Sarah is whistling to get her dog's attention.
The referee is whistling to start the game.
The man at the station is whistling while waiting for his train.

Frown
The baby is frowning because she's hungry.
The teacher is frowning at the student's incorrect answer.
The artist is frowning in concentration as he paints.
The girl is frowning while trying to solve the puzzle.

Nibble
The rabbit is nibbling on a carrot.
The toddler is nibbling at the edges of her cookie.
The woman is nibbling on an apple while reading a book.
The hamster is nibbling on a piece of lettuce.

Stare
The cat is staring at the fish in the tank.
The children are staring at the magician in amazement.
The man is staring at the beautiful sunset.
The girl is staring at the screen for too long.

Clap
The audience is clapping for the performer.
The little girl is clapping her hands to the music.
The students are clapping in appreciation of their teacher's speech.
The crowd is clapping in unison at the sports event.

Skim
The girl is skimming the pages of her textbook to find the right chapter.
The man at the beach is skimming stones on the water.
She is skimming through the magazine while waiting for her appointment.
The chef is skimming the foam off the boiling soup.

Tug
The children are tugging at the rope in a game of tug-of-war.
The dog is tugging on its leash, trying to chase the squirrel.
She is tugging her suitcase behind her in the airport.
The boy is tugging his sister's hair, causing her to yell.

Lurch
The bus suddenly lurches forward, causing passengers to hold tight.
The man is lurching after drinking too much.
The old car is lurching down the bumpy road.
The boat is lurching in the rough sea waves.

Chuckle
The grandfather is chuckling at the baby's antics.
She is chuckling while reading a funny message on her phone.
The boys are chuckling at a joke one of them just told.
The teacher is chuckling at the student's clever response.

Hobble
The elderly man is hobbling with a cane down the street.
The athlete is hobbling after spraining her ankle during the game.
The bird with the injured wing is hobbling instead of flying.
She is hobbling to the doctor's office after tripping over a stone.